feat: implement update script #102 (#137)
numaproj/numaflow-python: examples/developer_guide/README.md

# Developer Guide

This example is for numaflow-python contributors/developers. The example includes how to use your branch to build the UDF image to test your code change before submitting a PR.

### Testing

1. Install [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) before starting your test. Make sure you have the correct Python version.
2. Push your code change to your branch.
3. Update the `pynumaflow` dependency in the `pyproject.toml` file with your (forked) repo url and your branch name. For example, `pynumaflow = {git = "https://github.com/chromevoid/numaflow-python", rev = "test-branch"}`
4. Run `poetry update -vv` from this `developer_guide` folder. You should get a `poetry.lock` file.
5. Update your `example.py` as/if needed.
6. Run `make image` to build your image.
7. Now you have the image with your customized example and your code change to test in a numaflow pipeline. Example pipeline `pipeline-numaflow.yaml` is also provided in this `developer_guide` folder. Please check [numaflow](https://numaflow.numaproj.io/) for more details.

> Each example directory has a Makefile which can be used to build, tag, and push images. In most cases, the `image-push` target should be used.
> However, `buildx`, which is used to support multiple architectures, does not make a built image available locally. In the case that a developer
> wants this functionality, they can use the `image` target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each example directory has a Makefile which can be used to build, tag, and push images. If you want to build the image and immediately push it to quay.io, use the `image-push` target. If you want to build a local image without pushing, use the `image` target.
```

After making changes to the SDK, if you want to build all the example images at once, in the root directory you can run:
```shell
./hack/update_examples.sh -bp -t <tag>
```
The default tag is `stable`, but it is recommended you specify your own for testing purposes, as the Github Actions CI uses the `stable` tag. Note: do not forget to clean up testing tags
in the registry, i.e. delete them, once you are done testing.

> You can alternatively build a specific example image by running the following in the root directory and providing the path to the Dockerfile (relative to root):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can alternatively build a specific example image by running the following in the root directory and providing the path to the Dockerfile:
```
user can choose to put relative or absolute path
